[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>OK.
Well, I'm going to go--
this is a brand new subject.
And it has do with history.
In order to understand
our situation here
in the world, how we got to
this place and what happened
and everything, we need
to look into our past
and begin to understand
the situation of the past.
It's really important.
A lot of times, people tend
to think that, well, we
don't really need to know that.
We where we are now, and
we just need to go forward.
But that is not
the nature of life.
We're going to look at
something called the Fibonacci
Series a little later.
It's a series that goes 1,
1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34,
55-- it keeps going.
And all it is, is just if you
take three segments of it--
3, 5, and 8-- it's just you're
adding 3 to 5, and you get 8.
Add 5 and 8, you get 13.
And 8 and 13, you get 21.
And 13 and 21, you get 34.
It's an adding.
This particular series is called
Fibonacci or "Fie-bonacci"
Series.
And it is linked to
many different aspects
of organic chemistry and organic
life, and specifically to one
of the areas is plant life.
And plants, when
they grow, they tend
to grow according to
this particular series.
In other words, the
plant will grow one leaf.
And then it will grow one more.
And then it'll come out
with two, and then three,
and then five, and then eight.
This is one of the series
that is used over, and over,
and over again.
And the little plant, it needs
to be able to have a pattern
to know where to go.
And so the plant, when it's
sitting here with five leaves,
all it has to do is
look into its past
to see that it grew three.
Combine that with where it is,
and it now knows where to go.
It knows that eight
is the amount.
When it gets to eight,
it looks into its past
and see that it's
five, and knows
that 13 is the place to go.
And in the same way, we
need to-- time is also
divided into this threeness.
And actually, just-- well,
I'll finish this statement
and go back into that other one.
Time, we have this past,
present, and this future.
And in order for us to know
where the proper place for us
to be or what to
do in the future,
we have to combine our
present with our past.
If we don't know
what our past is,
we're lost, absolutely lost.
No matter what you think of
yourself or where you're going,
you don't know you're going.
You don't have a future.
That future could be anything.
You don't know where it goes.
And so we need to
know what happened
and what got us to where
we are in order to proceed.
And just to take this
one step further,
we live in what is often called
good and evil consciousness,
and sometimes called
polarity consciousness.
You know, where things are good
and bad, and black and white,
and et cetera.
But there is no
such thing as this.
We need to see this
point real quickly.
There is no polarity conscious,
and no polarity anything.
No matter what
polarity you think of,
you're going to realize that
there is a third component.
If you think of the
Earth and the sun,
or male and female, or black
and white, or up and down,
or hot and cold-- with
the Earth and the sun,
there's going to be the moon.
With male and female, there's
going to be the child.
With black and white,
there's going to be grey.
With up and down,
there's the middle.
With-- what was the other?
Hot and cold, there's
going to warm.
No matter what a
polarity is, there's
always this thing in the middle
because there's three parts.
The entire fabric
of the universe
is made of proton,
electron, and neutron.
And this threeness, our time
is past, present, and future.
Our space is the X, Y, Z axis.
It's the nature of
this particular level
of consciousness.
This is how we
interpret our reality.
There's other ways
to interpret it,
but this is the way
we interpret it.
Every mathematical
sequence in existence--
except for one, which is
the Golden Mean, which
created all the other
ones-- you only need
three components in it to
know the entire sequence.
And so we live in a tri
world, the holy trinity.
And so we need to
know any-- we have
to know two of the components
to know what the other one is.
You could do it the
other way around.
You could subtract
this one from this one.
If you knew your future, you
could know what your past.
[CHUCKLES]
You could subtract your
present from your future,
and you'd know where you'd been.
And so for this reason, I have
been asked to discuss history,
for about two hours or
something like that--
for a long period of time.
And so here we go.
[CHUCKLES]
Now I'm going to
combine-- first of all,
I used to give this
history lesson strictly
from Thoth's point of view, who
is someone that's been around
here for a long time.
However, recently, another
man-- whom I haven't even
met yet, Zecharia Sitchin.
I was introduced to
his books and found out
that they dovetailed
with what Thoth
was saying so closely that I
wanted to use both of them.
Though some of things that
Thoth is saying is beyond what
Zecharia Sitchin is saying
from interpreting the records--
and you'll understand I mean
by beyond in just a moment.
Thoth just started
saying-- and I've
got this on the record going
back seven and a half years.
Thoth just says, well, there
were these giants on the world.
And that's where he starts out.
He says, there were
these giants here.
He didn't say where they
came from, or who they were,
or what they were.
He just said, there
were these giants.
It isn't just Thoth
who says that.
If you take the Bible,
and you go into Genesis,
and you go to chapter 6, which
is a very interesting chapter,
it says, "And it
came to pass, when
men began to multiply
on the face of the Earth
and daughters were
born unto them,
and that the sons of God--"
this is plural, people.
"Sons of God saw the
daughters of men,
and that they were fair,
and they took them wives,
of all of wish they chose.
And the Lord said, my
spiritual shall not always
strive with man."
This is another statement
people have wondered about.
"For that he also is flesh,
yet this day shall be 120."
And then number 4 says,
"And there were giants
in the Earth in those days.
And also after that
when, the sons of God
came unto the daughters of men,
and they bear children to them,
and the same became
mighty men which
were of old, men of renown."
Who are these sons of God?
And plural-- this is not
talking about a single one.
And this is talking
about God being
made of flesh and
that they were giants.
Well, according to Zecharia
Sitchin-- who's read his works?
OK, good.
Just a few people.
I really recommend you do this.
It's on the reading list.
After you read it-- after
you see this workshop,
you won't be able to put his
books down, I'll tell you.
He's just reading
the clay tablets.
He's just saying what they say.
And they give a story
that is rather remarkable.
For number 1, suppose Moses
wrote justice in about 1250 BC.
I think that was the
approximate time.
But Genesis is written
down in Sumerian records
to 2,300 years before
that time, word for word.
Coming right down
to Adam and Eve,
and giving the names of
their sons and daughters,
and da, da, da,
da, and all the way
down through there--
the whole thing.
2,300 years before
Moses even lived--
or maybe not quite that
long before he lived-- it
was written down in
the Sumerian tablets.
It talks about this
rather incredible time
when, according to
the tablets, there's
another planet in our solar
system, which NASA has now
located, absolutely.
The satellite directions
knows exactly where it is.
The planet's there.
It's been scientifically
determined.
But they said that there
was another planet,
and that the planet went
in retrograde relative
to the rest of the planets.
As they were all
moving around this way,
this one's coming
in the other way.
And that it came in every
approximately 3,600 years.
And [WHISTLES] just missed it.
And according to that, there
was this planet called Tiamat,
which was this huge planet.
It had moons around it.
And one day, this
other planet, which
they give the name Marduk--
at least the Babylonians did.
But what did the
Anunnaki call it?
>>Nibiru.
>>Nibir-o.
Ni-bare-u?
Nibiru?
>>Nibiru.
>>And Nibiru [CHUCKLES] came in
one time very close to Tiamat,
and one of the moons of Nibiru
struck Tiamat and shattered it
in half.
And the big half came
to be known as Earth.
And the little half broke
into a million pieces
and became known as the
Hammered Bracelet, which
is the asteroid belt.
Stretches around between Mars
and Jupiter, I think it is.
And that was a long,
long, long, long time ago.
But according to the
Sumerian records,
there's people on this planet
that are pretty far along,
advanced.
And about 400-and-something
thousand--
I think it was 430, 40,
50 thousand years ago--
they decided to come to Earth.
And they came to Earth,
according to the records,
because they were having a
problem with their atmosphere,
just like we are.
They are way out in space and
need the greenhouse effect
to reflect the light back
on and keep them warm.
And they were losing their heat.
And so they decided that
the best thing for them
would be to put gold dust
into their atmosphere
to reflect the heat back.
That was the decision
that was made.
And so they came to
Earth to get this gold.
I'm not making this up.
This is in--
[LAUGHTER]
This is in the our end of the
records, along with Genesis,
that you can read
about Adam and Eve.
And they came here
to get the gold,
and they came in with 12
people who were their leaders.
And I think it was 400
to 600 other people who
were the workers.
And so for about
200-and-something years,
which-- and I differ slightly
with this figure with Zecharia.
He's calculating this thing.
Anyway, for a certain
length of time,
they worked as-- they worked
planet Earth getting this gold.
And they weren't that far
along technologically.
They used rocket ships
to get back and forth.
We're not talking about
high-tech vehicles here.
And so they had to wait
till Marduk came around,
so it was in the
atmosphere, closer.
And then they would transfer
all the gold up to it
and come back down again.
They had to wait another 3,600
years before they could put
the gold back on to it again.
And these people had very,
very, very long lifespans.
Huge lifespans,
compared to what we are.
And so here's these 600 people
digging gold for 100,000--
according to him, it was
about 100,000-something years,
200,000 years.
It would've been longer
according to Thoth.
A little bit-- they're
all within 100,000 years
of each other or so.
And then one day, there was this
revolt, where the workers just
said, (SPEAKING WITH ACCENT) I'm
not going to dig gold anymore.
I'm tired of it.
[LAUGHTER]
Darn stuff.
I've had it.
(NORMAL VOICE) And they just
wouldn't dig gold anymore.
And so the people
decided-- the leaders,
the 12 leaders-- decided,
well, they would do something.
They thought about it
and thought about it.
And they decided what they'd
do is they'd make a sub-race.
And the sub-race would
dig the gold for them.
The sub-race is us,
according to them.
That they created this race
from clay, and blood, and sperm
from the young
Anunnaki, which are
the people that live on there.
And that's what it
says right in there.
And they used-- and you can see
them with a test tube flask,
pouring stuff, and
all those things.
It's written right
on the record.
You can see it where
they did all these things
and created this
whole race, which we
are capable of doing right now.
We could create a new race.
And if this came
out 100 years ago,
it would be like
science fiction.
But we can do
everything that they're
talking about, right now.
We are just about ready to
map all the genes on the DNA
molecule-- all 100,000
of them-- and know
every single one of them, by
name, and location, and what
they do.
We're rapidly unfolding that.
Another two, three, four years,
we'll have it all figured out.
And we could create any
kind of race you want.
You can name it.
You could just map
out what you want,
and we could create a
whole, different kind
of person, superior
race, anything you want.
And so you imagine if we were
400,000 years farther down
the line.
What if we were a million
years or 10 million years
further down the line?
What we could do.
Anyway, according to this,
they created a new race
using that and using the
most advanced race that
was on the Earth.
That's real interesting
because when
you go to the most advanced
race, which is what?
The Cro-Magnon?
Is that what it is?
And then suddenly, it
jumps to the Homo sapien.
There's this-- the missing link.
Nobody knows how we
got from here to here.
It isn't possible.
There's no way.
We can't see the
evolutionary jump.
We don't know what happened.
According to the
Sumerian records,
it's because an outside
alien race came in here
and messed with us, and
created this jump up
to where we are right now.
And according to Thoth,
there were seven of them
that came together.
Again, I got this back
seven years earlier.
Seven people came together.
See, everything that happens
on a third dimensional level
has a fourth dimensional
counterpart and higher--
or very often higher.
And there's much more involved
to just creating a race
than just throwing a bunch
of chemicals together.
There are other things.
There are grids that
have to be formed.
And there's a lot of stuff
that has to take place.
It is not as simple
as it may seem.
And according to Thoth, on
a fourth dimensional level,
there were seven
of the giants that
came together and
dropped their bodies
and merged themselves
into spheres of light,
and that these formed the
flower of life pattern.
And then a flame appeared,
which was about four feet tall--
a blue-white flame, which
was pure prana, which
is life force
energy, which became
the ovum, the female ovum.
And then that was put
into the Halls of Amenti,
which is a dimensional
fold in space
that the Egyptians talk
about, which is really
the womb of the Earth, which
is where the star seed and all
the 500 million years of
races have been created from.
This is a whole other subject.
This Halls of Amenti is
usually out beyond the bubble.
There is a membrane outside
the Earth we don't know about,
which is 440,000 miles out.
And on the other side
of that is usually where
the Halls of Amenti is located.
It's a dimensional fold time
that moves with the Earth,
but on one overtone
higher than the Earth.
So it's not visible
to the Earth,
but it's very accessible.
And it's folded into the shape
outward-- the outside of it,
anyway.
It's folded into
the shape of a womb.
And anyway, the flame
was placed there.
And as soon as it was placed
there, according to Thoth,
there was a family.
32 members-- of those,
16 males and 16 females--
from the star Sirius, who
were the male outside,
the sperm that comes
from outside the system.
They came from out--
the alien aspect,
it came from outside the system
to come in and be the daddy.
And it was all
prearranged and ordained
on all kinds of levels.
And so they came from
outside the system.
The Anunnaki put flame
inside the system,
put it into the
womb of the Earth.
And the Sirian race came in.
These are like
10-to-16-foot-high beings also.
Both the Anunnaki
and the Sirians
were these giants, these tall
people, and on very high level
of consciousness.
They're on the part where
they think an orange,
they could have one in
their hand and peel it.
They thought that
there were 32 slabs
of rose quartz granite laying
there around the flame,
and there was.
And they laid down male, female,
male, female around this flame,
and merged or conceived
with the flame, the ovum.
For 2,000 years, they
merged with this.
You see, in human terms,
birth takes so long,
and conception takes so
long, and the whole process
is nine months But on
the planetary level,
it's much longer.
It's the same process, just
much, much, much longer.
And so they laid
there for 2,000 years
conceiving until the
first one was created.
And then meanwhile, on the
third dimensional level,
according to the
Sumerian records,
they were doing the flask tubes
and creating the proper one.
And then what do they do?
They bring seven
females together.
It's right there in the records.
Seven females were brought in.
And the ovums,
which were created,
were placed into the wombs of
these seven females, which then
gave birth to these seven
human babies, both male
and female babies.
Only the babies were sterile.
They could not procreate.
And you can see them.
Here's these big, tall
Anunnaki sitting there
with these little,
tiny, naked humans.
And they're holding
them in their hands.
If they stood up, the humans
would be like about that high.
And here's these big, huge,
tall, 10-to16-foot tall
Anunnaki that are doing this.
And it's right on the records.
You can see for yourself,
because a lot of this
is not just words.
But it's also visual,
drawing and stuff
that they put on there.
And so our purpose, according to
the Sumerians, was to dig gold.
That's why we were created.
Then you go back to the actual
physical, archaeological
records, and you go
back to-- well, first
let me throw another
side trip in here.
We had a theory called the Eve's
Theory, where they had checked
the DNA-- and a particular
aspect of the DNA--
and found an overlapping
process where
they were able to
trace back through all
the races of the world, back
to a single human being, which
was this black female in
this very specific valley
is in southeastern Africa.
Now some people are beginning
to debate that theory now.
But still, the
evidence is incredible.
Who knows about this and
what I'm talking about?
Just a few people.
You'll see.
It's, at the moment,
being debated.
But for a while,
it was accepted.
And now they're
still debating it.
But it's real interesting to me.
And one point here is that the
very valley that they picked
happened to be the one,
according to Sumerian records,
where it all began.
The same place.
And if you go into
that very valley--
I don't remember the
name of it right now,
but it's recorded in both the
books and in that other thing.
You going into that valley,
they have found gold mines
there-- ancient, ancient gold
mines going back 100,000 years,
with Homo sapien bones in
and around the gold mine.
Homo sapiens mining gold
at least 100,000 years ago.
And what the heck are we hairy
barbarians mining gold for?
It's a soft metal.
It isn't something
that we can use
to make tools or anything else.
What's it for?
What good is gold, to
a primitive people?
These goal mines,
by the way, they
found them all the way
from 100,000 years.
They found them to
80, 60, and as early
as only 20,000 years ago.
We were still mining gold
only 20,000 years ago.
Still doing it.
>>Was that during the Ice Age?
>>Yeah, probably.
You've got to realize these ice
ages are coming and going out
all the time.
The whole planet doesn't
go over with ice.
Basically, you might say the
ice caps recede further down.
The centers of the
Earth is still not
frozen over, but very
cold compared to normal.
We've survived this
for millions of years.
We've managed to survive these
ice ages, one after another,
for millions of years.
So anyway, when you
look at everything
and you start throwing in
that whole thing of the ice
age that's going on, it makes
stuff even more complex.
So if this is true-- I
mean, it's outrageous.
We don't want to
think that we were
made to be slaves to dig gold.
We want to see us as
more noble than that.
But who knows?
This is what the most
ancient records in the world
have to say about ourselves.
And these are not just
a few isolated records
we're talking about.
100,000 records that
are being un-found.
All the ancient cities
that were in the Bible,
which they thought for
a long time were myth,
have now been uncovered.
And they now know where
all the ancient Sumerian
cities are, which run through
southern Iraq-- Babylonia
is in southern Iraq.
All these ancient
ones, they've all
discovered where they all
are and they're finding them.
And they're getting all records,
and they're being-- dig up
all this ancient stuff.
It's no longer
just myth anymore.
And so now according to
the Sumerian records, one
of the-- two of these
brothers, Anunnaki and one
of the other ones.
I can't remember.
The major cities of
the Sumerian cities
ran up through the
Middle East, up
in there, which
was not a desert,
but was a dense jungle
because the whole climate
was different.
And they had these incredible,
beautiful cities there,
with these huge gardens
that surrounded in
and around these cities,
which took a lot of work.
And so according to
Sumerian records,
a great deal of the
gold miner workers
were brought up to these
gardens to work the gardens.
And it was there that
one day, Anunnaki,
whose name means "snake,"
told Adam and Eve, according
to the Sumerian records,
to eat of this tree.
What the tree would do-- the
tree good and evil would do
is that it would
make them procreate.
They'd be able to have babies
if they ate of this tree.
And so they did it,
according to this.
And then, Enlil's brother came
in, who was the other one,
and remember, it says
right in the bible,
he's walking through the garden.
This is God walking
through the garden.
And he comes across, and
they were hiding from him.
And he had to call for them.
And when they came
out-- I mean, he
had no supernatural powers
or anything else like that.
He saw them, that
they were naked,
and saw that they were hiding.
And then he realized
that what they
had done, that they had
eaten from the tree.
And this was a
really gentle person.
He did not kill them.
[CHUCKLES]
He just made them leave.
And he monitored them
and watched them.
And they began to multiply.
And he recorded all their
names and who they were.
And we kept track of
all that, which was all
written down for a long time.
But then when you start
going out from there
and you start studying
what happened after that,
this is where I'm going to
start taking us out further.
There's some important
points in all of this that
need to be brought forward.
So we have two kinds
of races going on here.
We have the one that
they were working
the mines, which were sterile.
The only way they can
make more of those babies
is to put the ovum
inside the uterus of one
of the female Anunnaki
and for her to give birth
to this little baby.
That was the only way they
could get more of them,
and so they kept doing until
they got what they wanted.
And I guess if one of them died,
they'd just make more of them.
We also then had this other
race that was separate from us.
They could procreate on its
own, which they kept watching.
And from there, you see
many, many travels around.
Now, according to Thoth, when
he says is seven years ago,
the first human beings
came out on an island
just to the west of
Africa, Southern Africa.
When he first told me this,
it all sounded kind of strange
because I hadn't read
any of this stuff
about Africa and the
Sumerian records,
because I always thought of
garden of Eden as being up,
you know, more in
the where, you know,
we generally think about it.
But he was saying,
no, the original place
was to the west of Africa
on this very large island.
And that's where the first
human beings came out
onto the surface.
And the name of that island
is consistent throughout
the African creation stories.
And it's called Gondwanaland.
You can read the creation
stories, which I've done.
I went out and read a
whole bunch of these.
Along all the western
shores of Africa,
they all have different ideas
about how creation took place.
But they all consistently say
that we came from an island
to the west, called
Gondwanaland.
They all say that.
Every one of them
I read, anyway,
though they have real different
ideas about the rest of it.
And Thoth says that's
where we started out, which
is this place down in here.
It was a large-- it could
almost be a continent.
And it could've
been touching here.
Or it may have been partly
touching and party separated.
I don't know.
When he gave me all of
this [SNAP] like that,
and that was the one piece that
I never got clear in my mind.
Though from then on in,
I got it pretty clear.
And I'm still not really sure.
I don't think it was
this big, smaller.
And I remember, I drew this
drawing a long time ago.
And then we are-- they basically
isolated us for a long time
until we got to a certain
level of development.
And then they took us
into southeastern Africa
and begin working the
mines, and then from there,
up into the area of
Iraq and up in there.
And then from there,
I believe that it
was Cain who went into the
Americas, what we now call
South America, and in there.
And but there was
another aspect of this.
The part that came out of
the Adam and Eve part, which
evidently was the part that was
allowed to proceed after this
went down.
There was a huge-- we stayed in
here for a long period of time.
And I don't really
know what it was.
We're talking about tens
of thousands of years.
Until finally, there was a point
here when we had a pole shift,
and this whole
aspect sank and left.
And it was gone.
Again, I'm not real clear on
the details of all of this.
But one way or another, the
survivors of Adam and Eves
up in here made their way
over to this area over here
into the Pacific.
Exactly how that-- and
according to Thoth,
this area here, when it went
down, this area came up.
They were simultaneously
on the same moment
when this took place.
And whether or not the Anunnaki
deliberately brought them
over to here, which may be part
of what happened, I don't know.
I don't have Thoth here to
ask these questions anymore.
So there's-- I don't have the
ability to find out these kind
of details.
How they got there, what
happened, how-- I don't know.
But at one point or another,
they got over to here.
And, you know, we're now talking
about the procreation aspect,
the Adam and Eve aspect,
not the other part of us,
which is, at this
point, completely gone.
Because when they
stopped, and they died,
there's nobody to replace them.
That was it.
They were gone.
They were all sterile.
So at one point, we
began in this area
here, which we now call Lemuria.
However, Lemuria was to
us in the 20th century,
we tend to think of it as a
kind of a myth or something that
maybe kind of happened
or didn't happen.
But there was a time in about
1910, '11, '12 in there,
1915 when we began
to rapidly waken up.
The process that's now going
on right now started then.
And then in 1914, World War
I came along and just blew
us right out the water.
And it wasn't until
the '60s that we
began to waken up again.
But during that time
of the early 1900s,
we have proof that
Lemuria was there.
And then at this point, we've
completely forgotten the proof
that we had.
There was people
like James Churchward
and Le Plongean,
a Frenchman, who
were very famous in tracking.
They were in the
papers all time talking
about Lemuria and Atlantis,
and the possibilities
of all of this.
And Churchward wrote
several books on it.
So both of them did, actually.
And one of the subjects,
there's a book written
called "Atlantis, the
Mother of Empires."
I think it was about 1913,
somewhere back in there.
It's an old book that
I got my hands on.
And there was some
information in that book
that was very, very amazing
that they had that information.
Back as far as
that time, they had
discovered near the
area of Easter Island
that there were these coral
rings that extended out
in the Pacific Ocean as far as
they could determine, going out
in there.
The coral rings were
unusual in the sense
that coral can
only grow 150 feet
below the surface of the water.
These rings were
1,800 feet deep,
meaning that the island
had to be above the water
and slowly come down, very
slowly, so that the coral can
continue to form.
And yet you could
see how slow that
would have to be for
the coral to form,
and yet for it to continue
and not die, and then
end up being 1,800 feet deep.
And so they saw these
things going off in there.
And then at the
same time, they had
discovered that the
fauna and the flora that
stretched from Easter
Island all the way up--
there's a series of islands
that goes up the-- from Easter
Island, all the way up
through the Tahitian Islands,
all the way up to
the Hawaiian Islands.
And the fauna and the
flora on all that,
just that chain of islands
that stretches through there,
is all the same.
It's identical.
There's the same plants, the
same trees, the same bugs,
the same bacteria, the same
everything else like that.
And there's no way that
that could have taken place
unless there had been a land
mass much closer, stretched
in there.
So the understanding of that,
along with all these coral
rings that were stressed under
there that were on the floor,
they surmised that there
had to be a continent.
Though the continent was not a
physical continent, according
to Thoth.
It was a series of
islands, lots, and lots,
and lots of islands, forming
what would be like a land mass,
but with no solid,
total complete length.
There was just
thousands and thousands
of islands that
stretched down there.
That outer length running
from, basically, from Kauai,
all the way down
to Easter Island
was the western
shores of Lemuria.
And the rest of
it all went under.
And we began to progress
in that spot to a level
that we are just now
beginning to return to.
We progressed to a
very, very high level
of technology, a different
kind of technology,
totally unheard and
unknown these days.
It was a right brain
technology, female,
based upon psychotronics
and these kinds of things
that we are just beginning
to become a little aware of.
Only they had developed
that to the level
that we have developed our
left brain, logical technology.
And they were able to
do-- you can do anything
from that aspect, as you
will, from a female aspect,
as well as you can from there.
And we were becoming a female.
An evolutionary pattern has to
become either male or female,
and we were becoming
a young female.
By the time that Lemuria was
finished, before it went down,
we were equivalent to
about a 12-year-old girl.
And everything was
going very well.
And the Sirians who monitored
all of this and have
remained-- they're immortal.
They remained alive during
this whole time watching it.
Everything was going
just great and fine.
And the Anunnaki, also, were
not going to mess with this.
Everything was going
just great and fine.
There was no problems.
It was looking really,
really, really good.
And then something
happened that we
have never quite survived from.
We've never come out of it.
And we're going to have to go
in about five minutes to lunch.
But when we get back, I'll
tell you what happened.
And--
[CHATTER]
And it's the most
important part.
It's what happened when we
shifted from there to Atlantis.
Some things took place
that changed the course
of our evolutionary pattern.
There is one more bit of
information I need to put out.
And that is-- and
this is the part
that Zecharia Sitchin
did not understand.
When Enlil came in to the
planet from the 13th--
from the 12th planet, which
is really the 10th planet--
we're counting the sun
and the moon on that.
When he came in, he
came into the oceans.
He landed in the oceans, and
he spent a great deal of time
in the oceans.
And when he came
out of the oceans,
he was half fish and half man.
And then suddenly,
he becomes this man.
But the original
thing's shown coming out
of water with-- like
a mermaid or a merman
coming out of there.
And Zecharia never
understood what that was.
But what was going
on was the race,
we had a race here, a
very conscious race,
more conscious than they were.
And those are the
dolphins and the whales.
The dolphins have been here for
a minimum of 35 million years,
I think is the minimum.
But the whales go
back 500 million years
to the very beginning
of the memory.
They hold the
memory of the Earth.
And I don't remember
exac-- Elizabeth,
do you remember how long
the whales-- the dolphins
have been here?
Just as what you said.
35 million?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that's right.
So they were here long before
the Anunnaki came here,
which was only 400,000 or so.
And they were on the
same, really, a higher
level of consciousness.
Well, what I haven't
explained of all
this is that the dolphins have
this connection back to Sirius.
And on Sirius, again, not
to a star, but to Sirius B.
The third planet out,
there's this planet,
which is almost pure water with
a little tiny bit of land mass.
There's a land--
I've been there.
I knew of this
place for a while.
There's a land mass there
about the size of California.
And there's a land mass there
about the size of Australia.
That's it.
There's no more land.
There might be a speck
or tow somewhere,
but there's no more
land up anywhere.
And almost the whole
planet is cetacean
except for a few
humanoid beings, which
you're going to look
and see what they
look like here in a little bit.
They look very human-like.
And they are being phased out.
They are slowly
turning into dolphins.
And I haven't got
to the place where I
explain why they're doing that.
But when they're
on earth, they're
primarily the dolphin aspect.
And Enlil, when he came in,
he went to the consciousness
of the planet.
He went to the
dolphins, or perhaps
the whales and the dolphins.
And there's a
direct communication
first with that
before they came out.
It had to take place.
And when the Anunnaki
began to create our race,
it was only natural
for them to ask
the assistance of the Sumerians
because when you're talking--
I mean, Sirians,
rather-- because that's
what you're talking about.
When you talking
about a dolphin,
you're talking about
a Sirian being.
It's an extraterrestrial
race that's
been here for a long time.
So it's now a terrestrial race.
But its original source
is off-planet from Sirius.
Yeah?
Whatever happened to the giants?
The original 32 members of the
Sirian race are still here.
And a certain number
of the Anunnaki
are also still here,
though they can't,
because of our level of
awareness where we are right
now, they can make
themselves directly known,
though they did in the past.
And I'll show you.
They did in the time in
Egypt, only for a short time.
And they will again.
We will see them for sure.
All right.
That's one guarantee
I can give you.
We will see them
again, for sure.
Is that--
Are some of these
Sirians, who might still
be on our planet
living in the ocean,
like on a colony
of Oceana, perhaps?
Well, they have the
ability to do things
that we would say
are impossible.
They can live
underwater, or they
can live in-- they don't
need air like we need air,
because they live on prana,
and prana's everywhere.
You could have them in a
totally, vacant, vacuumed-out
room.
They can do just fine
without any air whatsoever.
But this particular group, who
has been connected to us very
strongly, and has been-- they
have a very specific place
on the surface of the
earth, inside the Earth
where they live.
And where the Anunnaki-- what
their relationship is and where
they are, I don't really
know that one, though I
believe they're still here.
When we get into the
more present-day time,
you'll understand what's going
on in their-- they're still
here, though I don't-- there
never has been very many
of them here.
You know, I mean, there
was only about 612 maximum.
It seems like
genetically engineered,
interplanetary genetically
engineered slave labor
would be a big cosmic
no-no on the level
of violation of free will
and that sort of thing.
How does that fit
in with cosmic law,
and also, why would beings
who are advanced enough
to directly manifest things
not simply be able to manifest
the goal that they required?
The Anunnaki were not advanced
enough to be able to do that.
They were not-- there
were in, like I said,
they were in rocket ships.
You could see their ships with
flames coming out the back.
That's on the Sumerian records.
And so these are
people that are not
a whole lot evolved much further
than where we are right now.
And though they have
began to reach up
into the higher
levels of awareness,
you can just tell that
by their size, which
we'll talk about size later.
But they are-- our mommy aspect
was a rather low-level of life.
Our daddy was a much more
advanced level of life,
far more advanced than the
mommy in terms of consciousness.
But the one that
you must realize
is that both of these races
were a product of the Lucifer
rebellion and would
freely break laws.
And finally, connected with
that, what kind of soul
would choose to
inhabit a body that
was designed to
slave labor, given
the idea that they would know
what their prospects were
in doing that.
Well, we're one.
[LAUGHTER]
We did it.
You and I did it.
Things aren't always
what they appear to be.
And that's kind of a, you
known, an ego thought in a way.
From a higher level, if
there's an ultimate reason
beyond all of it down there,
there might be a reason.
We have obviously
taken for what's
been slave labor,
turned it around,
brought it in another direction.
And now, we're about to bring
it into another direction
even beyond what the Lucifer
rebellion never dreamed of.
And so I mean, I don't know.
What's happening here
is pretty remarkable
when we see the whole level of
what's going, which, I guess,
most of you have.
This is a little more than what
the original intent ever was.
But the original, the beings
that were made to do gold,
to slave for gold,
realized that as soon
as the Anunnaki saw that
we had eaten of the tree,
they didn't have
us do gold anymore.
They had us go live on
our own and do our own
and, OK, you're out
of this thing now.
Go over there and
start your own thing.
And they just allowed
us to keep going,
though they did try to kill us.
Remember, if you read
the Sitchin books,
according to the
records, they knew
that the Earth was going to be
destroyed by water, by flood.
They knew quite a
while in advance.
And the plan was, according
to the Sumerian records,
was to get off the
surface in their ships
and allow us to be annihilated.
And it was Enlil
again, if i remember
right, who went to Moses.
And he was sworn not to tell.
What?
It was Enki.
Enki?
Yeah.
That's what I'm thinking of.
It was Enki.
It was Enki, again,
who was sworn not tell
that this was going to happen.
So what he did is he
didn't tell him directly.
He went and told a wall.
[LAUGHTER]
But he knew that Moses was on
the other side of the wall.
Moses?
Noah.
Noah was on the other
side of the wall.
Noah.
And so he violated, basically,
the trust they would not tell.
And he told Noah,
and prepared Noah.
When Anunnaki went up into
space, and they were all
crammed in their ships
because they didn't really
have enough ships for all
these people to get in there.
They were all crammed in there.
And they were orbiting
around the earth,
and they saw the incredible
destruction that was happening.
They all began to cry, and began
to realize how said it was,
and that they didn't
really want us to die.
And that's when they found
out that Noah survived.
And they were actually
happy that Noah
had survived this one, at
least according to the records.
But [LAUGHS] we have
an interesting race
that we have got there.
And so we are the
product and development
of the Lucifer rebellion,
all the way through
from beginning to end.
And there's a lot
of things that are
going on in the
universe that are not
according to galactic law.
And though this may have
been allowed by galactic law.
It could've been,
depending on-- I
don't know if they had
permission to start this
or not.
Thoth never told me.
And it's not in
Sumerian records.
They don't talk about the higher
dimensional levels of things.
They talk about pretty much
what happened on earth,
and that's it.
And so I don't know if they had
permission to do that or not.
But I would imagine
they would not
have-- I don't think-- I
kind of doubt that they could
have got permission to do
that, at least not, you know,
legally.
They became aware.
It became the holy trinity.
She became aware of
him as a divine being.
And he became aware of
her as a divine being.
And they both became aware of
the baby as a divine being,
in such a way that
it transformed them.
And they never died, anymore.
And after a long time went by,
and they were still around,
there was no doubt about it.
[LAUGHS] And everybody
else was dropping by,
and they kept staying on.
They eventually formed a school.
And the school's name was
the Naacal Mystery School.
And it was one of the oldest
mystery schools in the world.
And it was N double-A
C-A-L or N double-A K-L,
depending on how you
want to spell it.
And they taught tantra
that led to immortality.
They were pretty
successful in this.
They managed to teach about
330 or so other families
in the amount of total
of about 1,000 people,
including the children, to
led them into immortality.
The school was doing
very well and would
have probably succeeded
in transforming
the entire human race
if it had enough time.
However, about 1,000 years
into the school's functioning,
God changed that.
And there was another
shifting of the axis,
and Lemuria went under.
They knew long before
Lemuria was going
under that it was going under.
These people were
feminine and psychic.
They had clear signs
and fully understood
what was about to take place.
And there was very
little loss of life.
Besides, they'd been slowly
sinking for a long time.
However, at one
point, it did sink.
And when it did,
the survivors, which
they had gotten all their
sacred things-- whatever
you want to call them,
artifacts, or whatever-- out
of Lemuria long
before it ever sank.
They took them to various
places in the world.
But most of it was brought
to Lake Titicaca in Peru.
The golden sun disk
was brought there.
The survivors went in
advance to primarily
from Lake Titicaca
in Peru all the way
up the western shores of North
America, South America, and all
the way up to as far
north as Mount Shasta.
They didn't go, or if
there were any, very few
went to either ends
below or above that.
And the two areas that
most of them went to
was South America,
Peru, and to California.
However, the school, the
Naacal Mystery School
migrated by air,
according to Thoth.
They flew, and exactly
how, I don't know.
They flew to Atlantis
at one point.
And I don't know exactly
when that point was.
But they went here
to this island here.
And this is not exact.
This was not this big.
This is a lousy drawing.
[LAUGHTER]
That's what this is.
I haven't really looked at this.
I have it drawn on
a globe over here.
And this is a-- the drawing on
here is really pretty accurate.
It's right here.
This is pretty much the
size and shape of Atlantis.
There were 10 primary islands.
There's one huge
big one that was
kind of in between an
island and a continent.
And there was an island to the
north, an island to the east,
a little tiny one to the south,
and six of them to the west.
But the islands continued
all into the Florida Keys,
except they, those
weren't there.
They were underwater.
All of this whole thing, in
fact, everything all the way up
over to Louisiana, and
this whole area up in here
wasn't there, just
simply wasn't there.
It was underwater.
And so and where they flew
to, according to Thoth,
was this Northern
island up here.
And they gave it
the name, Udall.
And when they got there, they
did something kind of-- I mean,
if you're watching them, you
would think they were probably
off their rocker trying
to-- first thing they did
was they made a wall
right down the middle,
dividing the island in two.
This wall was about 20 feet
thick and about 40 feet high.
It sealed it off.
There was no way to get
from one side to the other.
And then they built a minor
wall running this way,
dividing it into four quadrants.
What they were doing, without
understanding the human brain
too much, if this was a person's
head and that's their nose,
I guess, and you're
looking down from the top,
you have these left
and right hemisphere.
You have the left hemisphere
over here and the right one
here.
And the left one is male,
and the right one is female.
But then there's another
division in there, like this.
There's a front and a
back aspect of this.
And this front one, if you were
to put this word "love" here,
the left front aspect
of the human being
sees everything logically.
In other words, it
sees it like it is.
Of course, it sees it upside
down and all that stuff,
but anyway, it sees it
logically, like this.
But the right side over
here inverts it, like this,
and sees it in a mirror
image, one back to the other.
And this one is logical,
and this one you could say
is not logical, but it
has this logic to it.
But this one also
has a reflection.
It goes like this.
And then, there is another
reflection that goes like this.
So this side reflects
that side, and this side
reflects that side.
And this one up here is based
on the triangle and the square,
and that's the
logic, as you will--
when we get into the geometry,
this will make more sense,
but this is the logic
of the logic that's
behind the male side.
The female side doesn't
have a logical side forward.
I'll just use this
as a symbol for it.
She has an experiential
side forward.
And so the male and female seem
so different in their approach
to the reality, of
interpreting the reality.
But the male side that's based
on a triangle and a square--
the geometrical
aspect is so logical--
has an experiential
aspect to it also.
It's just that it's back.
It's hidden.
And the female has a logical
side to her unlogical nature,
which appears to man,
anyway, and which
is not based on the
triangle and the square,
but is based upon
the-- oops, I almost
made a hexagon in there--
is based on the pentagon.
And so there is this-- both
sides are absolutely logical,
if you understand
what's going on.
She's just as logical
as he is, but based
on a different kind of logic.
And she's got a
mirror image thing
where her experiential
thing is forward,
and his experiential
thing is to the back.
And by experiential,
as you'll see here,
and I'll try to demonstrate
this, even, to use here,
is that every single
line in sacred geometry
has a human experience
associated with it.
And so all your
geometry has experience,
but experience
always has geometry
associated with it, even love.
You would never think that
love is geometrical, but it is.
Our scientists have
already established this
beyond any doubt.
It's way back in there,
but later, you'll see this.
I'll show you the
geometries of it.
But there was a man.
One of the first
persons that I know of
was Dan Winter out of
New York-- in New York--
who was doing the research
of someone else, actually,
I believe.
And he was putting people
on biofeedback systems,
onto monitors so
they could see what
was happening in a
sine wave pattern
and discovered that-- no,
I don't need it, though.
Discovered that
there were people--
that there were a very
specific sine wave signature
associated specifically with
every emotional response.
And so that they
could get to the place
where they could have
people in other rooms
just looking at the screen
and just looking at sine wave
signatures and can tell you
just what that person's feeling.
But by studying the
sacred geometry,
around the sine-- see,
sine wave signatures
can be reduced to angles, and
all angles can then further
be reduced to
geometrical patterns,
or the other way around.
You can take geometrical
patterns or shapes
and find out their
angles and reduce them
into sine wave signatures.
People like Michael Helios, is
one who's real good at that,
converting shape into sound.
And so what Dan found
out is that there
is a direct relationship
between emotions and sine wave
signatures, and
then through work,
discovered that there
were very specific shapes
associated with that, and
then through deeper work,
discovered that there was very
specific geometric pattern
behind all emotion, that there
was one pattern that tied them
all together, and that pattern--
we'll see a little bit later
what that was.
And then, there
was another person
called Manford-- Man-- Huh?
>>Kleins.
>>Kleins, right, who I've got
an article in "Wall Street
Journal" in here, where
he also has totally
on his own in another direction
come up the same thing,
that emotions have a shape
associated with them.
And so it seems so
weird to say this,
and you're like love has shape.
Except for when you see
it walking down the beach.
[LAUGHTER]
But you don't think it was
angles, and cubes, and squares.
But it does.
I'll be able to go into
that deeper when we
get to that level of geometry.
We're still-- this
whole day is just
introduction, is all it is.
So they were basing
this island in Atlantis
on this, according to Thoth,
on the basic qualities.
So what they did is they got--
about half of the immortals
from Lemuria got on one side,
and half got on the other side.
Half became the
feminine psychic aspect,
and the other side being
the logical male thinkers.
And then, they made a reflective
quality with each other
and got on the other
sides of the wall
so they could mirror each other.
And so there's this
mirror quality,
and they begin to function very
much like our brain functions.
And they did that
for a period of time.
I don't know how long it
was, but it was a while.
It wasn't something
they did overnight.
It was several hundred
years they did this.
And then finally, one day, they
I guess felt they were ready.
And then on the main island,
they laid out the tree of life.
They did this-- is this right?
No, that's not right.
There's another one somewhere.
It's not in here.
>>The bottom.
>>Where?
Here?
>>Three.
>>Here?
>>Yeah.
>>In there?
>>The bottom has two sides.
>>OK.
It's something like that.
We don't know what it is.
They laid out the
tree of life on there.
They did it with their
thoughts and their emotions,
and they created a
standing wave pattern
on the geographical surface of
Atlantis, according to Thoth,
and they kept this
pattern going.
And they did something that-- I
don't know what he means by it.
He says they breathed
life into it.
I don't know what,
exactly, what that means.
I couldn't understand
what it meant,
but they made it a living form.
And he said it began to create
these vortex energies that
rotated out of each
one of these places,
and that there were eight of
these places that were-- let's
put it another way, that
the survivors from Lemuria
were then called forth
to come, and they all--
in their own place,
and they just
knew that they were
supposed to go.
And they began to migrate
across the country,
over toward Atlantis, and they
made their way toward there.
However, remember, they
were equivalent to about
a 12-year-old girl.
They were immature.
They had not
completed themselves.
And there were certain
areas of human experience
that they had not completed.
And they had only completed
eight of the 10 areas.
Again, I don't really know
what that means, either.
But there are two
areas in here somewhere
that they have not completed.
And so when they were
pulled to Atlantis
and they were brought here,
they were pulled to these spots.
These spots, by
the way-- he said
this pattern was laid
out on the surface
to the accuracy
of a single atom.
So we're talking about an
extremely accurate pattern.
And the cities were placed
on these exact spots.
There were eventually 10
major cities in Atlantis.
But the survivors from
the left from Lemuria
went to eight of these places.
There were two places that
were completely vacant.
It was just nobody's nature yet.
Nobody had developed
into that nature.
And then, and what
life does-- I don't
know if these guys thought about
this far enough along the line
when they were
doing this, but what
happens with life is you leave
a space open, and life fills it.
This is automatic.
What I like to use
is the freeway.
You know when you're
on the freeway
and you let the
car in front of you
get a little bit too
far ahead of you?
Fwooh!
[LAUGHTER]
It fills right in.
The first one, the one
that came in first,
was from extraterrestrial.
I don't know where it
was from, and he never
really clearly made this clear.
But they were not a
problem when they came in,
and they got permission.
They asked permission
to come in.
So there was nothing illegal
or anything else like that,
but this was the Hebrews.
According to Thoth, they
came from somewhere else.
They had failed-- they did
not make it to the next level
and had to repeat.
It was like a child going
to go to school all over
again in another grade.
They had to repeat it over.
They were an extremely
advanced race relative to us
because they had been
through a lot of things
that we were about
to go through.
And so when they
came in, they brought
in a great deal of information
that we didn't even
know about yet or anything.
And there was no real
problem with them,
and if it had not
been for the next one,
I don't think it would
even be a problem today.
It would've been probably
a very clean integration.
However, the last one, the
tenth one that came in,
was a real problem
and is a problem
from the moment they came
in, the very moment that they
came in to this very
moment right now.
And the struggle has
still been going on.
And it sounds funny
where they came from.
Again, realize I said this
on tape 7 and 1/2 years ago.
When I first started saying it,
it sounded even weird to me,
but I had to repeated
what he told me,
and I had no external
evidence to support
this in any way at all.
But he said that
they came from Mars
and that it wasn't from Mars of
today or even close to today,
but as from Mars from
a long, long time ago,
approximately just under
1 million years ago.
And what was going on about 1
million years ago, which we're
going to get into
detail-- scientists now
are suspecting-- are going
a date of about-- they're
giving dates on this at
about 500,000 years ago.
But eventually, they're going
to get back there, I know,
because Thoth has never
been wrong on anything,
and I've really tried to
find him wrong on stuff.
I really-- everything he's
ever told me, I check.
I've tried to check.
Even obscure details,
he's been right on.
He said it was just
under a million years.
He said that Mars was
a beautiful planet,
that there was waters
and oceans and trees.
It was a lot like
Earth, he said.
It was a beautiful place.
And there was a
race of beings that
was on that planet that was
warring amongst themselves,
constantly warring
amongst themselves.
According to Thoth,
there has been
four times in the
creation of this universe
when life has decided to
rebel against the system,
you might say.
And this was the third
time that it'd taken place.
Now, I don't know
where it started,
but it ended approximately
a million years ago.
And the Martians began-- they
knew that it was all over with.
At one point, they
knew that they
were going to
destroy each other,
just as our governments
know right now that it's
pretty much over with here too.
In a few more years down the
line, there won't be any doubt.
And they knew that
it was over with,
and a small group
of them-- they began
to try to find a way to escape,
just like our governments
are also doing the
same thing right now.
And they went to--
there was experiments
that were done
really all over Mars,
but the primary
place was in Cydonia,
which we will discuss later and
go into great detail on that.
And they built these huge
pyramidal structures there
that were tetrahedral in shape,
octahedronal, five-sided.
And these were immense,
immense structures,
structures that you can't
imagine on present-day Earth
terms.
Imagine a building being 10
miles high, but that's fact.
The D&M pyramid on Cydonia--
it's 50,000 feet-plus high.
That it was over with,
and a small group of them
began to try to find
a way to escape, just
like our governments are also
doing the same thing right now.
And they went to--
there was experiments
that were done
really all over Mars,
but the primary
place was in Cydonia,
which we will discuss later and
go into great detail on that.
And they built these huge
pyramidal structures there
that were tetrahedral in shape,
octahedronal, five-sided.
And these were immense,
immense structures,
structures that you can't
imagine on present-day Earth
terms.
Imagine a building being 10
miles high, but that's fact.
The D&M pyramid on Cydonia--
it's 50,000 feet-plus high.
And we don't even have
mountains that high here,
but that's-- NASA determined--
they're the ones that
determined that's
how high this is.
And these were all structures,
as you'll see later,
that describe
mathematically one thing,
and that is a star tetrahedron
inscribed in a sphere, which
is the basis of the
Merkaba that we're
going to talk about in here.
And again, I will
make that very clear
and describe the work
in a little while.
And what they were doing was
they were creating a Merkaba,
but they were recreating
an external Merkaba, not
a living field based on
your thoughts and emotions
that we're going to discuss,
but an external Merkaba, which
we call a UFO, or a
spaceship, or a craft.
But what is a Merkaba?
It's more than just a vehicle
that you get in and fly around.
It is a vehicle that can pass
through the dimensional levels.
It can go through
space as well as time
because time is a function
of size and the golden means
spiral.
And when all these
things are put together,
you can move back and
forth in time and space.
And time is really spherical.
And so the Martians
started looking around
in their Merkabas and
discovered that there
was this planet called--
what we call Earth that
was way into their future,
a million years or so
into their future, and
about 65,000 or 70,000
years into our past, which was
when Atlantis first started,
and which was very much
like where they were.
And a small group-- it
wasn't billions of people.
It was somewhere
between a couple
thousand and the
absolute maximum
that a group Merkaba, a single
group Merkaba can create
is about 150,000.
So it would be somewhere
between those figures.
I don't know what it was, but
I think it was much smaller.
I think it was only-- really,
from what Thoth was trying
to project out, it was
just a few thousand people
were projected off of
the surface of Mars
a million years ago,
projected into the future
and into past, and
into this 10th place
here without permission.
Probably Lucifer rebellion.
They don't need permission.
They just do it.
And it wasn't Lucifer, though.
It was someone else before them.
And they just did it.
And so we were, by this time,
approximately equal to maybe
a 13- or 14-year-old girl.
We were like a young girl.
And the Martians coming in were
like maybe a 70-year-old man.
And no permission-- they just
came in and merged with us.
It was rape.
They didn't ask.
Nothing.
Just said "We're here.
Like it or not, that's
the way it goes."
And they immediately
tried to take us over
and tried to subdue
the Earth, and a war
ensued almost immediately.
However, there were
too many of us.
I say us and them, but
for me, it's all the same.
Now I'm an earthling.
And there were too many
of us, and there was not
very many of them.
And finally, it was
decided from their side
that they would stop fighting
and trying to control things,
and it was decided
from their side
that they would attempt
to try to understand what
this female thing was,
whatever this female thing was,
because they had no
understanding of it
at all because like the
greys, they had developed
their intellectual
side to the NTH degree
and had no emotional
body whatsoever.
They didn't know what
love was, or compassion,
or any of these
kinds of feelings,
either negative or positive.
They had no emotional
structure within them at all.
And so it was pure logic that
they would stop trying to war
because they knew they couldn't
possibly win, and tried
to see if they could survive
this by understanding what this
was all about.
And so from that
time until-- though
they kept themselves very
separate from the rest
of Earth.
They did not try to mingle
too much, though I'm
sure that there were
marriages and stuff like that,
but it was not--
they tried to keep it
as-- they had their
own area where
they stayed, and they kept
to themselves a great deal.
And then, everything
went along pretty good.
For thousands, and thousands,
and thousands of years went by,
and we kept developing.
We kept getting
older, and growing up,
and getting stronger.
Only because of their
influence, because
of their sophisticated logical
science with crystals that they
had developed, they influenced
the science and the technology
of Lemuria-- I mean, of
Atlantis-- dramatically,
to the point that, in time,
their influence became
overwhelming, and
we changed sex.
We went from female to male.
And by the time
Lemuria was over,
we were a very
male race, where we
had been becoming very female.
We quit using this
side, and we started
relying on the opposite
side of our brain.
And then, let's see.
Forgot where I was, exactly.
>>We switched over.
Switched from female to male.
>>OK.
I'm trying to think of
what the next thing that
occurred after that.
[AUDIENCE CHATTER]
>>Oh, you guys know
this better than I.
[LAUGHTER]
That's what I had this for.
I should hold this thing.
It's all programmed and in here.
That way I don't have to think.
I can just do it.
I'm going to hold
this for a while.
[LAUGHTER]
It kept going.
Everything went fine until
about 16,000 years ago,
which is an unusual
place in the orbit--
precession of the equinoxes
for this to do this.
But approximately
16,000 years ago,
this thing occurred
on Earth where--
here's the closest place to
the center of the galaxy,
and here's where we are now.
And if we go back
one cycle, right back
to where we are exactly
right now-- first of all,
that's really when it began.
Exactly, right to the very
spot where we are right now,
the poles made a minor
adjustment, which our science
knows definitely occurred.
We've got that one tracked down.
It definitely happened.
And when it did, a
small piece of Atlantis
went into the ocean.
It wasn't a whole lot of
it, but it was enough of it
to cause fear to go
through Atlantis.
And the fear lasted, according
to Thoth, for about 200 years.
They were afraid they were
going to lose everything again,
and there was a
great deal of fear.
But slowly, that fear
went away as time went on,
and they knew that they were
getting further and further
away from that poise and
moving back into the light.
And it slowly
started going away,
and everybody started to relax,
and the old evolutionary cycle
just one on business as usual
until approximately right here,
which was about-- don't hold
me to my figures exactly.
I'm within a little
bit-- give me
a little bit of leeway here--
approximately 16,000 years ago,
right about there in
the cycle right there.
This event occurred where
either an asteroid or a comet
was heading right toward Earth.
And the Lemurian
aspect of ourselves
wanted to just allow
it to hit the Earth.
That's the feminine nature
is the Taoist approach.
Just allow-- it's OK.
It's God.
It's all natural.
It's nature.
But the Martian aspect
of ourselves said no way.
Let's blow this
baby out of the sky.
They had the ability to do it.
Let's just blow it up.
And they argued over this
and argued over this.
And finally, the
Lemurian aspect won,
and that's exactly
what they did.
They just allowed
it to take place.
And this thing came streaking
in and slammed and just missed
Atlantis.
It would have been
a total devastation.
It just missed it and hit
right offshore not too far
into a place that's
now above ground,
which is called Charleston,
South Carolina, right now.
That was the dead center impact
of a very huge piece of matter
that hit the Earth,
from which-- that still
spread out over four states,
and you can read about it.
It's all there.
And this cost a big piece--
a pretty good sized chunk
of Atlantis to go
into the ocean,
which almost destroyed a great
deal of the Martian aspect
of Atlantis.
And to say the very least,
they were pissed off.